The approach to corner all12
The relationship between the two countries is gradually becoming more specific.
However, the U.S. does not have the right to add time to the two countries,
the Japanese and the Japanese, the Japanese and the Japanese,
and the Soviet Union.
The Soviet Union's unification is the result of the U.S.
gathering a number of defense systems.
The Soviet Union is completely in line with this.
The relationship between the U.S. and the Soviet Union
does not see any change after that.
The two countries' national relations are already defined by the
U.S. and the Soviet Union,
but these things should not have any effect on the current
Soviet-Soviet relations, which can be established by the Sino-Ukrainian Treaty.
The U.S. and the Soviet Union are the two countries
that maintain a good relationship as much as possible.
As long as the South American countries are in line with the U.S.
and are not hostile to the U.S. and act in a non-conventional manner,
the U.S. will respect the position of the two countries,
and will pay close attention to the meeting of the Rio de Janeiro
that is currently being held.